You dead girl
How can you pick up with someone
The tattered ones are mixed together.
You have disgraced our Shen family
Obviously him
He set me up
He drugged me before I did it
I really can't see it.
I didn't expect it.
Cousin, you usually look icy and clean
How can you be so open in private?
Feifei, be careful what you say
What, did I say something wrong?
Cousin, tell me about you
You don't marry someone who is talented at school
If you have a crush on a stinky scavenger, you will marry him
Young and promising like Xu Shao
How many women dream of marrying?
As long as Xu Shao doesn't mind
Of course I'm fine.
It's because look how discerning your cousin is
You must know that in the entire Meteor City
How many women want to sleep with me?
With your qualifications
If I marry you, I will give you face
Yes, yes, yes, what Xu Shao said is right?
Yuwei hurry up
Can Xu Shao see you?
It is the blessing you have cultivated in your previous life
I am your biological daughter
What do you mean?
Yuwei
Only Xu Shao can save our Shen family now
You said you made a small sacrifice
What's the matter, let me tell you?
If it's because of you
It caused problems in our Shen family.
I can't spare you.
What are you afraid of?
I'm afraid because you need to know
In Yuzhou
My Xu family can destroy your Shen family with the movement of a finger
Yes, are you here in Yunzhou?
It's this one.
How dare we live with you?
Don't worry.
Make sure to send him to your bed to calm you down
I'm not going to marry him.
You have to marry if you don't marry
You have to marry
To marry you
If you dare to talk back, you will die
Okay, I'm going to die now.